title needs to be generated -
email title/Category - email address - Gmail


sender subject-body  paperclip timecreated

needs a refresh button and maybe a refresh in realtime
loads all the email collection on the start of sign in but lazy loads all the individual emails - loading all the emails is what causes the loading page to happen, we need to go to the loading page until all things have been fetched

Email collection will be divided into
Inbox
starred
important
Sent Mail - created email that are sent are saved here

Circles
Friends
Family
Acquaintances

Chats
All Mail
Spam
Trash


Errors on sign in
nonexisting email
Sorry, Google doesn't recognize that email
wrong password
The email and password you entered don't match



Sidebar menu uses the router



"add" (model, collection, options) — when a model is added to a collection.
"remove" (model, collection, options) — when a model is removed from a collection.
"update" (collection, options) — single event triggered after any number of models have been added or removed from a collection.
"reset" (collection, options) — when the collection's entire contents have been replaced.
"sort" (collection, options) — when the collection has been re-sorted.
"change" (model, options) — when a model's attributes have changed.
"change:[attribute]" (model, value, options) — when a specific attribute has been updated.
"destroy" (model, collection, options) — when a model is destroyed.
"request" (model_or_collection, xhr, options) — when a model or collection has started a request to the server.
"sync" (model_or_collection, resp, options) — when a model or collection has been successfully synced with the server.
"error" (model_or_collection, resp, options) — when a model's or collection's request to the server has failed.
"invalid" (model, error, options) — when a model's validation fails on the client.
"route:[name]" (params) — Fired by the router when a specific route is matched.
"route" (route, params) — Fired by the router when any route has been matched.
"route" (router, route, params) — Fired by history when any route has been matched.
"all" — this special event fires for any triggered event, passing the event name as the first argument.
